template/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project created with [Borealis Next.js Starter Template](https://github.com/borealis-agency/next-starter).

## Requirements

Make sure you have [Volta](https://volta.sh/) installed in order to automatically use proper Node.js and npm versions while working on the project.

All commands in any of the documentation in this project are ran from this project root, unless specified otherwise!

## Getting Started

To get the project running, just run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

> This will automatically install npm dependencies and start the development server.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Documentation

Make sure to read this main README file as well as different README files that are contained in other folders. This README contains more general information, but those other README files contain information specific to their folders.

To avoid documentation duplication (and it going out of sync), where appropriate, this main README will point out other docs that should be read for a particular section.

## Generators

This project comes with code generators that are created using [Hygen](https://github.com/jondot/hygen). This allows us to generate components, modules and other things by using simple commands. They help you get started working faster on your code without worrying about creating files, re-exporting files where needed and whatever else you might need to do when creating these common chunks of code.

### Component

Check documentation inside `/components` folder.

### Modules

Check documentation inside `/modules` folder.

### Caveats

There aren't generators for every little thing you might require, but available generators should cover most of the needs in this project.

Generators are here to speed up development, but also standardize some patterns. In case something cannot be standardized, it might not be beneficial to have a generator for that particular case because it might not be used often.

In case some generator is required, feel free to create it using [Hygen](https://github.com/jondot/hygen).

## Icons

Check documentation inside `/icons` folder.

## Miscellaneous

### App links

Do not hardcode links to pages and static assets that are in `/public`. Instead, use paths that are automatically generated by [pathpida](https://github.com/aspida/pathpida/) during development. This ensures these paths are typesafe.

## Code editor setup

To get a better developer experience, there are some recommendations on code editor setup.

### VSCode

In order to get the best experience out of the box, [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) is recommended, but it's not required. Formatting and linting runs as a separate step outside the editor so your editor choice won't mess up anything.

There are some recommended VSCode extensions set up as part of this project, but you are not forced to install them. If you do install them, you will get a better developer experience with auto code formatting on save and linting warnings/errors directly inside your editor.

### Other code editors

In case you use another code editor, just make sure these integrations/extensions are installed and enabled for better developer experience:

- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) - checks your JS/TS code and warns you about potential problems
  - it does run on each PR so editor integration isn't necessary, but it's quite helpful to get feedback on your code as early as possible
- [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io/) - similar to ESLint, but for style code (scss, css etc)
  - it does run on each PR so editor integration isn't necessary, but it's quite helpful to get feedback on your code as early as possible
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) - formats code. If possible, enable it to run on each file save
  - it does format code during each commit automatically, but it might be helpful to see your code formatted immediately

These aren't required, but they can make your developer experience a lot better while working on this project.

Commit message:

Switch template to use /src folder
This is in order to isolate application only code from the rest of the repository code

template/README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project created with [Borealis Next.js Starter Template](https://github.com/borealis-agency/next-starter).

## Requirements

Make sure you have [Volta](https://volta.sh/) installed in order to automatically use proper Node.js and npm versions while working on the project.

All commands in any of the documentation in this project are ran from this project root, unless specified otherwise!

## Getting Started

To get the project running, just run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

> This will automatically install npm dependencies and start the development server.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Documentation

Make sure to read this main README file as well as different README files that are contained in other folders. This README contains more general information, but those other README files contain information specific to their folders.

To avoid documentation duplication (and it going out of sync), where appropriate, this main README will point out other docs that should be read for a particular section.

## Source code
### Application source code

Application source code is placed in `/src` folder in order to isolate it from other development or repository only code. This allows you to easily focus on a single folder with application specific code, but it also allows tools to target this folder specifically for tasks such as linting in order to reduce the scope of work those tools have to do. Imagine a tool like ESLint or Prettier just running on `/src` folder instead of running through all code in a repository.

### Repository utility code

Repository specific utility code lives in the root of the repository. This is in order not to mix it too much with application code.

## Generators

This project comes with code generators that are created using [Hygen](https://github.com/jondot/hygen). This allows us to generate components, modules and other things by using simple commands. They help you get started working faster on your code without worrying about creating files, re-exporting files where needed and whatever else you might need to do when creating these common chunks of code.

### Component

Check documentation inside `/src/components` folder.

### Modules

Check documentation inside `/src/modules` folder.

### Caveats

There aren't generators for every little thing you might require, but available generators should cover most of the needs in this project.

Generators are here to speed up development, but also standardize some patterns. In case something cannot be standardized, it might not be beneficial to have a generator for that particular case because it might not be used often.

In case some generator is required, feel free to create it using [Hygen](https://github.com/jondot/hygen).

## Icons

Check documentation inside `/src/icons` folder.

## Miscellaneous

### App links

Do not hardcode links to pages and static assets that are in `/public`. Instead, use paths that are automatically generated by [pathpida](https://github.com/aspida/pathpida/) during development. This ensures these paths are typesafe.

## Code editor setup

To get a better developer experience, there are some recommendations on code editor setup.

### VSCode

In order to get the best experience out of the box, [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) is recommended, but it's not required. Formatting and linting runs as a separate step outside the editor so your editor choice won't mess up anything.

There are some recommended VSCode extensions set up as part of this project, but you are not forced to install them. If you do install them, you will get a better developer experience with auto code formatting on save and linting warnings/errors directly inside your editor.

### Other code editors

In case you use another code editor, just make sure these integrations/extensions are installed and enabled for better developer experience:

- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) - checks your JS/TS code and warns you about potential problems
  - it does run on each PR so editor integration isn't necessary, but it's quite helpful to get feedback on your code as early as possible
- [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io/) - similar to ESLint, but for style code (scss, css etc)
  - it does run on each PR so editor integration isn't necessary, but it's quite helpful to get feedback on your code as early as possible
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) - formats code. If possible, enable it to run on each file save
  - it does format code during each commit automatically, but it might be helpful to see your code formatted immediately

These aren't required, but they can make your developer experience a lot better while working on this project.
